         And with that, I’ll reserve the
balance of my time.  Thank you.
         CHEIF JUSTICE O’NEIL:  Thank you,
counsel.
         Mx. Schleihauf.
           ORAL ARGUMENT OF JOHN P. SCHLEIHAUF
               ON BEHALF OF THE RESPONDENT
         MX. SCHLEIHAUF:  Thank you, Ms. Chief
Justice, and may it please the Court:
         The federal wiretap statute, Title
III, was enacted almost 100 years ago in
response to national concern over wiretapping
and the threat it posed to individual privacy.
         Title III prohibited wiretapping
unless a series of detailed requirements was
met. And to ensure compliance with those
requirements, Title III directed the
suppression of the evidence derived from a
wiretap order when there was an error in
obtaining, issuing, or executing that order.
         The root of the question today is,
do brain-computer transmission intercepts fall
under a 1960s definition of wiretap?
         Title III applies to to “wire, oral,
or electronic communications”.  If none of
these describes brain-computer uploads, then
we contend that all intercepts are not subject
to Title III.
         While the petitioner made no claim
that uploads could be described as “wire” or
“oral”, I would like to note that “wire”,
here, refers to actual physical wires that
used to connect every household --
         JUSTICE GREY:  Can you get to your
point?
         MX. SCHLEIHAUF:  Of course. My point
is simply that this law was written with
specific applications in mind, by people who
couldn’t even imagine the technology we have
today.
         Today’s brain-computer upload
technology does not use electricity, and so,
in our opinion, cannot be described as
electronic communication subject to Title III.

<...running out of time to put my ideas in this format...>

         Our automated systems only flag those
whose patterns of behaviour indicate increased
risk of becoming radicalized, as per ___.

- we have seen the benefits that private companies can provide with universal access to consumers’ most personal information. shouldn’t the government strive to do the same?
- everyone expects us to be listening at all times. our abilities actually trail behind popular cynicism.
- <specific person> was able to evade capture for four weeks due to bureaucratic tie-ups in obtaining warrants
- <other person> was unable to call 911 due to <x>. had we had active universal surveillance, we could have saved them
